what you been drink
fuck you too
you lost the wheel leave yet I'm gonna
beat you
mr. jersey is CJ through the bad love
child clucking the girl you got dog
downtown walks out of the game Pacific
daddy wants to take off the street
nobody turns my hope you get your ass
back to the hotel and you make an
example of all
did you buy your license
the Lord sent me to save your threadbare
soul harlot get in the car and remove
your filthy vestments so I'm a better
gaze upon I corruption Robert get us out
of here before the devil's right hand
snatches this ball girl from salvation
right away you're in van Jellicle
heaviness
Godspeed we need more than just the Lord
benefaction
but worry girl the long time it will
come to our aid
now just keep on dressing and there
Wow what's the seat girl
everything's been taken care of mr.
jizzy Oh CJ used to play his Red Hand
baby oh and by the way that cars just
come upon a pee-pee dump it keep it with
him this cheap of the way from me my
holes in my club off the show you got
that man
you
I was sup hey call it's Lucy hey if you
have some time I like for you to come
over so we can talk about something yeah
Michelle were you at I own a little
betting shop in Chinatown just come
around and introduce yourself my people
will be expecting a visit it's the plan
man later